All right welcome back my students I hope you're really excited because we're learning something super
valuable here.
So let's go back to our cold here and I don't know if it's I actually show you a thing on the last lecture
we got this data here but I didn't type anything here I just wanted to type something here and show
you.
Murray says and you can see now that we are actually pulling all that information out of there.
All right.
So we just want you to know.
All right so what we're going to be using is this function call that post.
All right.
So this function is going to be in charge of sending all this information to where it needs to go.
So let's go ahead and create does this say pose.
First thing that we need to send is the you are now.
And what else do we need to send in.
This post is just going to say like it's going to be like this.
So we're going to pass in this parameter.
If you are the next one is post data
and the next one will be a function actually let me just pull this over here.
All right let's do it like this because this is the way I'm used to it.
All right.
So we're Pessin this guy right here.
I'm just trying to remember because I haven't used this in a while.
False data.
And then here the third parameter then with passing a function OK.
Now I remember are-I almost lost it for a minute then we pass in the data we're get him back which is
going to be card data.
All right.
Or we can say
HP stable data.
All right so that way you know exactly what it is.
All right.
So we can put this data somewhere.
Do we have a search box somewhere here that we are using actually down here where we are putting some
information
search bots
these resorts right here.
All right so they actually put this somewhere else.
Dave roll right here this is this form.
This is that roll.
There it will be nice if we can put this data somewhere else so you're going to make it there fear with
a class of fat ass sets and say you we're going to put a diff with car with salt.
Actually that's just car salt.
There we go.
All right and that's what we're going to be putting all this information in there.
All right.
So we gonna target ID and then we're going to be putting in mail and then we put this
post-dating there.
All right.
But before we do that let's just come in this hour real quick.
All right we're going to send that data and then if we want to get back something.
But for now let's go into the cars and set this up real quick I think we're running out of time here.
But basically what we want to do is want to catch the
catch the pull superglue over here.
So we're going to say if foe's this post data comes here and this pulls data is going to be needed to
to to to to to to to to just go back here and see what their name is and it's all right once we send
it in.
Actually it's going to have the same names not going to be like this one where we're sending it right
here we're sending the information that search with here we send information as it is and form.
So this one here the form is going to have a current name and that's how we're going to receive we receive
it at the end.
In the cards that BHP So if that's there then we execute it.
So I'm just going to say echo something like data received.
So that way we know we are communicating right.
Come back to in
and let's just echo that data right here.
Hopes are still executing stuff out.
All right this is going somewhere else where it's not supposed to be going
it's going to cars out BHP is executing so we need to go back and make sure that it doesn't execute
serialise
we will click on it.
And he's executing right now.
But on the next lecture we're going to debug this and make sure that he doesn't send this information
anywhere that he's not supposed to right now is sending these parameters and this is not supposed to
be happening so we wrote a lot of code on this one here and I'm going to cut this lecture we can spend
a couple of minutes the bug in this.
But what I want to do is I want to come back and actually fix this fast for you.
All right.
So the jump to the next lecture in this should be fits and we should be actually transferring some information
to our database communicating with BHB.
See you in the next lecture.